hey guys this Victoria here today I'm
gonna do a voiceover of my video so
today I decided to train chest I always
like to warm up with some cable
crossovers just let the blood and the
muscles get a nice pump get kind of
warmed up get ready to go
basically with chest training I don't
tend to left super heavy I try to I try
to lift heavy but I'd like to do a lot
of different variations like hitting all
different angles with the chest and
really focusing on nice control and
really getting blood in the muscle
getting a nice pump I also like to do a
lot of ice a lateral like unilateral
types movements as I find one part of my
chest one side of my chest is a little
bit strong and then and then the other
so I tend to do dumbbells or machines
and I'll do them single single arm so I
can really focus on each part of the
chest each side as I go so this would be
about ten weeks into my offseason now so
I competed about ten weeks ago I am now
heavily into my offseason cardio is
pretty much non-existent at this point
as I've just been so busy with
everything else so I've kind of been
listening to my body and stealing her a
little bit run down there for a while so
I didn't want to overdo it with tons of
cardio so I I'm kind of half the cardio
on the down low I definitely need to get
back into that so I'll probably start
adding it next week just like a couple
sessions a week you know 20 20 minutes
nothing nothing crazy I like to just
keep a little bit in just overall health
it's pretty hell it's good to be doing a
little bit of cardio so for my goals for
this offseason are basically to put on a
bit more muscles so I have Nationals in
July so it's about a year away the
feedback I got from the judges from
provincial asked to put on a little bit
more muscle so that is what
planning on doing so I have started
softening up a bit
everything's been increased fat's been
increased carbs kind of just slowly
every week this I got an email from my
coach again this week and we're gonna
increase things a little bit more so
it's I'm feeling good lots of energy in
the gym my workouts doing really good
and I'm feeling like I'm starting to put
on a little bit more muscle really needs
to start focusing on my shoulders which
is the weakest body part I have so I've
been working really hard on that
um I hit shoulders once a week and then
I usually hit them a couple exercises at
the end of chest workout so I'm trying
to hit them twice a week the only other
body part I hit twice a week is legs the
other part of the body I'm really trying
to bring up is my hamstrings a little
bit more I need a little bit more
muscular musculature and my hamstrings
include especially the tie-in part so
that was something that was lagging
onstage so that's again something I'm
working really hard on this offseason um
I usually do a cheat meal once a week
which is always a burger and fries
because that's my favorite I usually go
to the works and get the hunka hunka
this week we did something different but
um I can't go wrong with the burger and
fries and it's definitely my go-to for
cheat meals so I'm gonna be doing my
offseason probably till about March and
then they'll be prepping again for
nationals
I'm pretty excited to do my first
nationals and I guess I got to just keep
going cuz I've got a lot of work to do
until I get there
so I hope that you guys are liking the
YouTube videos and I would love if you
guys would become a little more active
comment give us some suggestions and we
are gonna be doing a walkthrough tour of
the gym soon so stay tuned alright I'll
see you guys later bye